#summary Development Information.

<wiki:toc max_depth="4" />

= Introduction =

We welcome new developers...

*Comment Access*

Get comment access. 
Normally you submit a few patches and then the project manager makes the decision to grant you access or not.

== Current Development List for Release 3.2 ==
 * Admin config to allow negative inventory or not. 
 * Added roles to make it easier to create users security
 * Add the 0-30 30-60 60-90 age at the bottom of the statement report.
 * Updating TCPDF to the latest version which is suppose to allow a 'streamlined' file without embedded fonts.
 * Phreebooks Module> Customers> Preferences> Determines whether or not to calculate finance charges on past due invoices. When this is set to yes. Add the code to change/edit the interest rate charged on past due invoices.
 * Add scanned files and attachments to invoices and forms
 * Add price sheets for vendors

=== Translator Module ===
 * When doing relatively minor translations ie other english languages all that ticking of checkbox is a real pain when the vast majority of the fields do not require translation. Add select all checkbox to automatically fill (or deselect if some/all are filled already) Note: Will be in next release - Dave

=== HIGH PRIORITY ===
 * rework import/export beginning balances to handle multi-branch
 * lock gl accounts to defaults, users cannot change, hide gl accounts, part of POS?
 * Auto generate SKUs, create sku if field left blank
 * Multi-currency gl entry, bills (payments and reciepts)
 * Topic 1097, Ability to import payments and receipts (full import)
 * Topic 1028, PhreeCRM Additions
 * Topic 1044, special class for general journal
 * add Print icon for Vendor Credit memos and create sample form
 * make import script perform an update as well for external edits and refresh
 * Upgrade and update by ftp that can install modules in the proper directories. Adding and removing files and db fields based on the xml file with the complete module information.

=== LOW PRIORITY ===
 * Banking import support
 * Import Inventory (XML style)
 * Ability to void payments (banking) versus delete
 * Add LCM (lower of cost or market) capability
 * Adding interest to receivables (current and late)
 * Create archive for old journal entries and contacts. Modify code to use it when necessary. Close fiscal year.
 * Allow for change of recur terms in recurring entries
 * Topic 1299, utility to verify cleared accounts

=== FUTURE RELEASE IMPROVEMENTS ===
*Development Roadmap* 

 * POS Module

 Interface (modified order screen with separate cash accounts) with touch screen monitor

 Merging of same sku line items, Join two or more invoice items into one, more space on receipt (or on invoice)

 * iPhone interface
==== Control Panel Ideas ====
==== Improvements ====
 * vTiger Interface
 * sugarCRM Interface - commercial
 * Ubercart
 * Virtuemart
 * Word Press e-Commerce
 * google Checkout