#summary A list of features that have been approved for Development.

= Introduction =

This page is a list of user wishes that have been granted dev status. You as a user may submit your wish first in the forum [http://www.phreesoft.com/forum/index.php] for comment by other users. If it is a wish that others would like as well then we move to the wish-list discussion group. [http://groups.google.com/group/phreedom-wishlist] Once users and developers in the wish-list discussion group have decided how to move forward with the wish it will be added to this list.

*Note:* If your wish is not added to dev, you can still work to get what you want, after all this is opensource... We will have more on this later.


== Development Approved Wish List ==


=== [PhreePOS] ===

=== RMA Module ===
* To search items.

== New features for R3.4 ==
 # Charts are here! Integration with Google Chart for charting stuff. dev made a sample bar chart off of the Contact Main page listing the monthly sales for the past year. dev needs some more ideas of what to chart? 
 # Fixes to the Phreeform form tool to add fields.
 # reworked the structure of the contacts module to add a call log to the CRM.
 # moving away from the various popups and going to a jQuery inlaid window instead. My employees keep losing the popup in the background and click the Search icon endlessly to get a window to popup that is already there.
 # reworked the RMA module to add customization tabs.
 # Fixed the calculation discrepancies for account aging. There was a difference between the status popup and the report data. They now both operate off of the same function.
 # fixed a bug in the theme selection.
 # reviewing 'The List' and incorporating bugs posted from Issues.
 # developed a USPS interface (through Endicia) for rate and label generation but I need 6 subscribers to sign up within 6 months for it to work. Includes address verification. Anyone interested in generating USPS labels? It costs about $15 per month to set up an account through Endicia but the labels are awesome, fast and tracking numbers are stored in the Shipping Manager. 
 # finishing up development of an interface to OpenCart. I have re-structured the XML protocols slightly and improved the efficiency. Dev will probably roll these into the ZenCart module sometime soon. There is now a progress bar for Bulk Upload, order download will now happen through ajax.

 * Looking at a release date of mid Feb.